add apps for tutorials (#22)
SAP-samples/fiori-tools-samples: app-with-tutorials/non-cap/sap-fiori-elements/V2/myfioriapp/README.md

## Description 

> This is a sample app to manage products. This app is based on SAP Fiori elements list report object for OData V2. 

Reviewer: Need to update page name:
```suggestion
This is a sample app to manage products. This app is based on SAP Fiori elements list report project for OData V2. 
```

To learn how to build this app, check out [this](https://help.sap.com/docs/link-disclaimer?site=https%3A%2F%2Fdevelopers.sap.com%2Fgroup.fiori-tools-lrop.html) tutorial.

## Requirements

> This app is intended as a sample app that can be previwed using SAP Fiori tools in SAP Business Application or VSC. Refer to [documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_FIORI_tools/17d50220bcd848aa854c9c182d65b699/2d8b1cb11f6541e5ab16f05461c64201.html) for help on how to get started with SAP Fiori tools. 

Reviewer: Same VSC comment and typo fix as previously mentioned:
```suggestion
This app is intended as a sample app that can be previwed using SAP Fiori tools in SAP Business Application Studio or Visual Studio Code. Refer to [documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_FIORI_tools/17d50220bcd848aa854c9c182d65b699/2d8b1cb11f6541e5ab16f05461c64201.html) for help on how to get started with SAP Fiori tools. 
```
